.\" Manpage for simple_shell
.\" Original version by Julien
.TH SIMPLE_SHELL 1 "August 2024" "1.0" "Simple Shell Manual"
.SH NAME
simple_shell \- A simple command-line interpreter
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B simple_shell
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B simple_shell
is a basic command-line interpreter that reads and executes commands entered by the user. It provides a prompt for the user to type a command, which is then executed. The shell does not support advanced features like pipes, redirections, or commands with arguments. Commands must be specified with their full path.

The shell handles the following:

.TP
.B Prompt
The prompt displayed is
.RS
#cisfun$
.RE
.TP
.B Command Execution
Commands are executed as if they were located in the current directory. If a command cannot be found, an error message is displayed.

.TP
.B End of File (EOF)
Pressing
.B Ctrl+D
terminates the shell gracefully.

.TP
.B Interrupt
Pressing
.B Ctrl+C
interrupts the current process and returns to the shell prompt.
.SH OPTIONS
None. This shell does not accept any command-line options.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B Launch the shell
.PP
.B $ ./simple_shell
.PP
Displays the prompt and waits for user input.

.TP
.B Execute the command
.PP
.B #cisfun$ /bin/ls
.PP
Lists the files in the current directory.

.TP
.B Exit the shell
.PP
.B #cisfun$ exit
.PP
Attempts to execute the `exit` command and displays an error if not found.
.SH AUTHOR
Beaumois Louis <9540@holbertonstudents.com>
Dinahet stéphane <9546@holbertonstudents.com>
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bash (1),
.BR sh (1)
